hey guys this is a tutorial on how to
get free music on any iPod Touch or iPad
or iPhone or anything like that you
don't need jailbreak it's completely
free you just need an app first of all
you're just going to go to the App Store
and download my media is completely free
and I already got it so I'm just going
to go ahead and open it so once you've
opened it instead of using this website
you're just going to type in a web site
and it's called tubidy so you just go
www tubidy mobi
once you're on that website he's going
to click the search bar and search for
any song you want i'm just going to
search for a Coldplay song and I'm
pretty sure it comes up with the songs
from youtube but I'm not entirely sure
so don't quote me on that one but anyway
I just chose paradise as you can see
there's many choices
so once you've chosen the song you just
scroll down and choose mp3 and you press
download the file now you're just going
to want to rename the song
I shall begin to download
so once it's downloaded you can just
play the song and that's it you've
downloaded a song for free on your iOS
device thanks for watching guys I'll see
you on its video